'\" te
.TH seahorse-tool 1 "Nov 11, 2009" "seahorse" "GNOME" 

.SH NAME
seahorse-tool \- PGP/GnuPG file encryption for the GNOME Desktop

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBseahorse-tool\fR
[\fB\-\-help\fR] [\fB\-\-usage\fR] [\fB\-\-import \fIfile\fR] [\fB\-\-encrypt \fIfile\fR] [\fB\-\-sign \fIfile\fR] [\fB\-\-decrypt \fIfile\fR] [\fB\-\-verify \fIfile\fR] [\fB\-\-uri\-list\fR] [\fB\-\-version\fR]

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
Seahorse is a GNOME application for managing encryption keys. 
\fBseahorse-tool\fR allows you to encrypt, decrypt or sign files. It is integrated into the nautilus right-click menu, but can also be used from the command line.

.SH "OPTIONS"

.TP
\fB\-?, \-\-help\fR
Show summary of all options and exit.
.TP
\fB\-\-usage\fR
Display brief usage message and exit.
.TP
\fB\-i \fR\fIfile\fR, \fB\-\-import \fR\fIfile\fR
Import keys from the \fR\fIfile\fR.
.TP
\fB\-e \fR\fIfile\fR, \fB\-\-encrypt \fR\fIfile\fR
Encrypt \fR\fIfile\fR.
.TP
\fB\-s \fR\fIfile\fR, \fB\-\-sign \fR\fIfile\fR
Sign \fR\fIfile\fR with default key.
.TP
\fB\-d \fR\fIfile\fR, \fB\-\-decrypt \fR\fIfile\fR
Decrypt encrypted \fR\fIfile\fR.
.TP
\fB\-v \fR\fIfile\fR, \fB\-\-verify \fIfile\fR
Verify signature \fR\fIfile\fR.
.TP
\fB\-T, \-\-uri\-list\fR
Read list of URIs on standard in.
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fR
Show version information and exit.
.\" End List

.SH "BUGS"
.PP
If you find a bug, please report it at 
 \fIhttp://bugzilla.gnome.org/enter_bug.cgi?product=seahorse\fR.

.SH "AUTHORS"
.PP
Jacob
Perkins
<jap1@users.sourceforge.net>
.PP
Stef
Walter
<stef@memberwebs.com>
.PP
Adam
Schreiber
<sadam@clemson.edu>
.PP
This man page was originally written by
Michael
Mende
<debian@menole.net>
for the Debian system.

.SH "COPYRIGHT"
.PP
.br
Copyright (C) 2001, 2002 Jose Carlos Garcia Sogo
.br
Copyright (C) 2002, 2003 Jacob Perkins
.br
Copyright (C) 2004, 2006 Stef Walter, Adam Schreiber

.SH "LICENSE"
.PP
.br
You are free to distribute this software under the terms of the GNU General Public License.
.br
Documentation and help files are covered by GFDL license.

.SH "ATTRIBUTES"
.PP
See \fBattributes\fR(5)
for descriptions of the following attributes:
.TS
tab(^G) allbox;
cw(2.750000i)| cw(2.750000i)
lw(2.750000i)| lw(2.750000i).
ATTRIBUTE TYPE^ATTRIBUTE VALUE
Availability^SUNWseahorse-plugins
Interface stability^Volatile
.TE

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PP
\fBseahorse(1)\fR
\fBseahorse\-daemon(1)\fR
\fBseahorse\-agent(1)\fR
