'\" te
.TH seahorse\-agent 1 "Nov 11, 2009" "seahorse" "GNOME" 

.SH NAME
seahorse\-agent \- seahorse pass phrase caching agent

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBseahorse\-agent\fR
[\fB\-\-cshell\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-daemonize\fR] [\fB\-\-any-display\fR] [\fB\-\-variables]

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
Seahorse is a GNOME application for managing encryption keys. 
.PP
This is the agent program for seahorse which keeps a temporary secure
storage of your pass phrases in the memory. It also works with the SSH agent to prompt you for SSH passphrases.

.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
\fB\-?, \-\-help\fR
Show summary of all options and exit.
.TP
\fB\-\-usage\fR
Display brief usage message and exit.
.TP
\fB\-c, \-\-cshell\fR
Print variable GPG_AGENT_INFO for a C type shell.
.TP
\fB\-d, \-\-no\-daemonize\fR
Do not daemonize seahorse\-agent.
.TP
\fB\-A, \-\-any\-display\fR
Do not make sure that requests only come from the X display on which seahorse\-agent was started.
.TP
\fB\-\-v, \-\-variables\fR
Display variable GPG_AGENT_INFO instead of editing gpg.conf.
.\" End List

.SH "BUGS"
.PP
If you find a bug, please report it at 
 \fIhttp://bugzilla.gnome.org/enter_bug.cgi?product=seahorse\fR.

.SH "AUTHORS"
.PP
Jacob
Perkins
<jap1@users.sourceforge.net>
.PP
Jose Carlos Garcia
Sogo
<jsogo@users.sourceforge.net>
.PP
Jean
Schurger
<jk24@users.sourceforge.net>
.PP
Stef
Walter
<stef@memberwebs.com>
.PP
Adam
Schreiber
<sadam@clemson.edu>
.PP
This man page was originally written by
Michael
Mende
<debian@menole.net>
for the Debian system.

.SH "COPYRIGHT"
.PP
.br
Copyright (C) 2001, 2002 Jose Carlos Garcia Sogo
.br
Copyright (C) 2002, 2003 Jacob Perkins
.br
Copyright (C) 2004, 2006 Nate Nielsen, Adam Schreiber

.SH "LICENSE"
.PP
.br
You are free to distribute this software under the terms of the GNU General Public License.
.br
Documentation and help files are covered by GFDL license.

.SH "ATTRIBUTES"
.PP
See \fBattributes\fR(5)
for descriptions of the following attributes:
.TS
tab(^G) allbox;
cw(2.750000i)| cw(2.750000i)
lw(2.750000i)| lw(2.750000i).
ATTRIBUTE TYPE^ATTRIBUTE VALUE
Availability^SUNWseahorse-plugins
Interface stability^Volatile
.TE

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PP
\fBseahorse(1)\fR,
\fBseahorse-tool(1)\fR,
\fBseahorse-daemon(1)\fR
...\" LSARC 2009/598 Seahorse Plugins
